docs: Document adjusting the replica count of indexed-search (#434)
sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph: docs/configure.md

# Update SRC_GIT_SERVERS environment variable in other services
find . -name "*yaml" -exec sed -i.sedibak -e "s/value: gitserver-0.gitserver:3178.*/value: $GITSERVERS/g" {} +

IDX_SEARCH=base/indexed-search/indexed-search.StatefulSet.yaml

# Update indexed-search replica count
cat $IDX_SEARCH | yj | jq ".spec.replicas = $REPLICA_COUNT" | jy -o $IDX_SEARCH

# Delete sed's backup files
find . -name "*.sedibak" -delete
```

Commit the outstanding changes.

## Configure indexed-search replica count

> Increasing the number of `indexed-search` replicas can improve performance and reliability when your instance contains a large number of repositories. Repository indexes are consistently striped across all `indexed-search` replicas.

Reviewer: What does striped mean in this context?

Author: I am using the same language we use for the gitserver documentation above. Do you think I should change it to consistently hashed or consistently shared?

Reviewer: How about: "are distributed evenly"

Author: ```suggestion
Increasing the number of `indexed-search` replicas can improve performance and reliability when your instance contains a large number of repositories. Repository indexes are distributed evenly across all `indexed-search` replicas.
```
